e
[Music]
understand world is
youres find way to write your name in
the St
[Music]
very close to your heart it
beats
does
with the
[Music]
it
in I
can the
waters I can move the
[Music]
heavens list
the
of I tell the
truth
[Music]
with soul
I had
everything crown and a
castle beautiful of them
all
oh my life on run just
to
you safy
[Music]
right isain
with the walls of your kingom slowly
burning down and e to the edge of the
town
I you come now there's Noh you can R
sick
power
one you fall
too by
psychic the
newspap all
your windows
up hang
the you're AOL freak the sh you want
from
me well can't you see what they do
GS around
Ru this
world on power is
under crying in the middle of the
streets at
night I can't take this anymore
[Music]
youor you're allun
I had it all I had it
all overun
[Music]
do we let this play
out why don't we just let it play
out I am ready to go but
[__]
I I
[Music]
oh I can't do the big falsetto oh am I
super
loud hopefully that'll fix something
[Music]
I can't do my falsetto at 3 in the
morning when people are
[Music]
sleeping I it
I don't know if I mentioned it before on
stream but overrun the prince of Sor
sweet overrun itself took 5 years to
make but then roses and Prince of Sorrow
I did both in one
[Music]
day so this last part this the prince of
Sorrow ending I did in like maybe two or
3 hours just from start to
[Music]
finish and I'll show why too
so the artist glooming y who did the art
for Prince of Sor
sweet um I commissioned them for
this for this artwork which still by the
way just amazing piece by them just
absolutely
fire and they were super into the the
the art they did and the character and
the music and stuff and they sent me
just for fun just like this art that
they did as well and then this one like
just as like these random gift
sketches and I was like these both
inspired songs in
me they both made me feel super like
emotional about it so I was
like I'll just write songs for them too
[Music]
so nice
I think that's one of my favorite album
endings ever maybe only busted by like
Creek flow
potentially like the actual song C flow
not I'm cra flow baddy you're
released
um hello everyone kind of a late start
to the stream uh was busy all
day uh caught the uh the as your Comet
performance at caronic Con on stream
very cool very
cool much needed much needed Artistry
very proud to see
it this past week has
been I mean I haven't been streaming the
past couple of days this past week has
been quite quite busy and I have lots
lots of [__]
lot lots of [__] going
on
um what what what are we doing here
the I think the the big thing
is I'm sure everyone on stream is now at
least familiar with this guy so did
Maggie just got cooked unless they
edited one
whoops not that did Maggie just got
cooked
I'm sure uh all all the stream Watchers
are are know this guy by now so this is
the way the Potato Head brings out the
fatty Queen double attack sacrifice the
cookies focus on the lollipop wait what
about my chicken your chicken is the
Giga chicken with all the fire ready in
the frying pan you fry the chicken well
I
I come to you all bearing great
Tidings because the collab of the
century is happening why are the kitties
in the town scared of the top five
videos because this Pony became the
crunky champion how by getting the quick
scope all day and playing with the boss
stop whispering to the fishy fishy will
just tell you to open up the cans stop
opening the cans this is the way bring
out the juicer to sing about the happy
life hop in the Violet Pony the music
never stops no this way you fly the
fishy y'all it's a [__] Victory lap
and a
half I I I I can't believe we got this
to happen I genuinely
can't I like I was just like I'll just
[__] send an email I'll see what
happens and
uh I like [__] it he replied within like
hours and then like
uh I sent the I wrote some lines and I
sent them and
then yeah we we did it there he he did
like two or three variations of each
line too it's
crazy um I I sincerely can't believe
this is
real I I needed I needed him to say the
uh happy life hop in the Violet Pony the
music never stops no we have a new
tag we have a new
tag it's crazy hold up hold up hold up
where's the I I can this it into an
actual tag on my my files here
did I maybe I didn't maybe I was
planning to and I forgot
to I must have hallucinated
it but I I'll I'll condense it into a
tag I'm I'm so [__] proud I'm like so
[__]
proud um and I just like sent him money
and then I thought that was going to be
it and then he messaged oh by the way
you should like send me the product what
it the product when it's finished I
would love to check it out so obviously
I'm not going to finish the album for a
bit but um I I I've got this for love
and& Pony step it's going to be used for
love and& Pony step and
um what is it
the because I was I'm not going to
finish the album for a bit um I decided
to just be like okay well here's I sent
him
the the dual-headed hydranoid demo where
is
it I sent him this we're being dominated
go on the
aggression the Bony bring out theer in
the Bony
bringer theer so I sent him that and
then I also dropped a link to Carell and
a link to the top 20 Violet Pony songs
I'm just like um you know what no
pressure to check it out but if you want
to know what to expect by the time you
know the project gets finished you can
just listen to this then and
and
yeah
um he hasn't responded to that one yet
cuz I just sent it like either earlier
today or
yesterday um but that's not
all
um I cuz we just got finished playing
disco elium
yeah uh I may or may not be in touch
with the the
narrator uh from Disco
lenol Brown and we might we might look
into trying to get some interesting
stuff going on for 11 Pony stop we're
we're [__] going crazy
dude we're um I'm pulling out all the
stops I'm ping out all the
stops
um and I guess there's there's more
because um 2year anniversary of Carousel
is coming up in just a couple of
days and today was like a Christmas
miracle for me
because um since like the since like the
end of
um I couldn't find the project to
Future and which was heart which was
heartbreaking to me cuz like I I love
that song to death and it's like such an
important part part of Carousel like
it's the whole turning point it's the
main turning point of
everything but it's like a tragedy
because I I couldn't find the project
for it and the reason why that one in
specific was missing was because futur I
made entirely in bitwig instead of
Ableton and so it was saved somewhere
else it wasn't with all my Ableton
projects
um after basically a year and a half of
not knowing where the project is I had
the crazy idea to dig out my old
computer and set it up in a makeshift
way I I took the second monitor input
and threw it onto the old
computer and I investigated and I
managed to
recover the bit project file for
futra and fix the project so it wasn't
broken anymore because it was broken
upon finding it and so now after all
this time I'm proud to be able to say
that I have the instrumental
[Music]
now and the
vocals and of course all the
stems I love the bass the bass in uh the
chorus or the what would you even call
it just the climax is just just this fat
ass base
cuz everything else is in the melody
stem
[Music]
[Applause]
here and so no promises because the the
projects for Carousel are [__] [__]
let me just tell you but I'm going to
see if at least around the time of the
two-year anniversary of Carousel I might
attempt to release all the stems for
free from Carousel what whatever ones I
can
get I know for a fact that the hush
project is going to be a [__]
nightmare I know that constellation
cradle is going to be a [__]
nightmare and I know that FL for the
dramatic is really going to be a [__]
nightmare but going try my
best um they're all very difficult
projects because uh constellation cradle
was done over two projects hush was do
over three projects and flare for the
dramatic was done over the course of
like I don't know [__] seven or eight
projects because everything kept [__]
up for that
one like flare for the dramatic is held
together with like tap duct tape
basically so I'm going to do all I'm
going to figure it all out try and and
condense things so it's presentable to
everyone and I would really really love
to have just all the stems and
instrumentals for carousel out for free
uh if not by the two-year anniversary
just sometime this
year
um I really should have done a better
job of standardizing my project and like
making sure things are are future
proof gu I've been so dog [__] at that
for a long
time girls who are Wizards is the or
actually uh was it girls who are Wizards
yeah girls Wizards is the first album
I've done where everything is perfectly
preserved all the stems and everything
are exported by the time the album comes
out
um girls so girls for wizards was a huge
experiment in just consistency and
making sure everything works so moving
forward every album will have these
resources so if for some reason I need
them uh I don't have to [__] fix
projects constantly and figure the [__]
out
um and on top of that it just gets
better it just gets better cuz I did
recover the future project but also I
discovered that a lot of my issues with
opening old projects is actually solved
by running Ableton and Rosetta and I was
also able to recover a bunch of old old
old old [__] that I couldn't recover
before I was able to open Mystic
Acoustics projects for the first time in
years it's it's it's
crazy every everything's all coming
together
but yeah so so much going on I've been
working a lot on the album uh talking
with like different artists and stuff
we're we're we're we're we're we're I I
want to
make I want to make love and pony step
so
fun uh
because
um what Carousel came from a place of
pain Paradise Valley came from a PA of
place of pain and technically girl
Wizards did too sort of just like in the
same sense that super Pony world
originally did obviously Monarch doesn't
need any introductions so I want love
and pony Stu to just be like done we're
done with all that [__] no more we're
going to be everything's great so yeah
anyway nice let's
uh let's be the gamers over the
year um holy [__] so much stuff going on
uh
maybe play a little bit of
uh maybe play a little bit of the uh
corporate illustration demo because I
I've been having a lot of fun with this
one um I'll start it
from I'll start from the
chorus so here's here's here's a track
I'm really excited
[Music]
for baby you're my side of yeah you're
to my
side to my side oh yeah
[Music]
me down you know
my You Take My Breath Away you take my
privy we have all just a understand we
informed everything all for you all for
you
do I drive the line even in
your all of your friends are fine in
your
[Music]
eyes yeah autotune [__] fire
dude with the autotune what the [__] is
it called autotune Pro X or whatever
they give you the the ability to switch
between the modern algorithm and the
autotune five algorithm which is the one
that like T was famous for so the the T
the Tain autotune is enabled quite a bit
on loveing Pony St I love it it's
fun I'm so excited for this album dude
it's literally it's literally my [__]
my [__] uh what are what is it like
sleazy trash pop bro step just party
music
album like
like every Everybody you need to be your
feelings you need to be in your feelings
go go go to Monarch it's fine but we're
we're going to go we're we're going to
go party now it's party
time so that's the thesis for 11 Pony
step do I know Violet Pony
music God I wonder what that
is did I just like delete it even though
I spelled it
right Ralph egg
[Music]
clean of
Misfits it's it's yeah more girls for
[Music]
wizards inter
again uh PR night Equestria
1988 which is by the way still one of my
uh my best tracks if you need to
know all right how many do we have to do
we have to do a few of them we got this
though
broh magic of
Mischief the kid who kept running I
think I saw fluffy doing this
one as
fixated uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the
vagic
show
[__] yeah made it all the way back in
1988 arst is literally
pushing how old would I be if I was born
in
1988 12 + 25 36 artist is literally
pushing 36 years
old I saw yeah I know this
one niss is this isn't
fun I saw fluffy do
ones yes it is a typo
congratulations
whatever uh catching
on okay please give me one I haven't
heard before please please please please
please
please okay I don't think I saw fluffy
do
what is the I don't I always forget the
let's see if I can remember the full
title by the seaside from memory by the
seaside I think I've already
forgotten a boardwalk a garden party and
a
fly okay I'm going to fact check myself
now
oh I forgot the [__]
colon or whatever I I did I did pretty
reent
reasonably there's no Auto
is that one
pad sailing away
nice
see you're an
[__]
nice jealousy
is that so
good
what oh
[__] damn it it wouldn't be so good this
it's not even in the [__] thing we
haven't gotten any supero world shat on
here have
we God damn
it
St oh oh oh oh oh oh what is it called
familiar
[Music]
feelings can I just type tell you is
that fine
I don't know how to tell you that you're
my best friend and that I love you
[__] Christ I'm so
done why do I have to make these stupid
ass [__] titles
at least I could do like rest now little
Wolf's full full title
from you made these extremely verb you
made this extremely verose bed no Li in
it you're right it is my
fault I do like long titles it's
partially inspired by sopian
Stevens but also I was having this
conversation a couple of days ago how
like I feel like I used to I used to use
like single word titles a lot to seem
the super like deep and like epic and
stuff uh like like uh I think a lot
about like the Starship ponville stuff
like Wayward home word
Odyssey it's like yeah okay whatever I
feel like the the the the short titles
really need to be reserved for things
that are like definitive of that or in
some
way um um do I want to show the I could
show
the here's my problem I'm I always like
showing stuff cuz I get excited but then
it like changes or like I push things
around and stuff and every was like oh
my God it changed so uh I'm G to I'm
going to succumb to
it just for a moment also I forgot to
screen share about
her let SC this
[Music]
um I'm going to
I'm going to show the
the work in progress track list for love
and& P step but it's not
final it really
isn't I'm
just trying to tell it that these are
words like I don't know what this word
is it's a word to
me there's going to be a lot of like
words that are scarce scares my spell
checker okay okay there we go this is a
work in progress TR track list this is
not final I repeat this is not
final but this this is
the
current work in progress track list that
I have for 11 Pony
step and we have some long titles in
there not the Ancient M card it's a True
Story by the way in 2009 someone did
steal my ancient MW card at the San
Francisco Zoo
two intros uh it'll make sense in
context why why it's like
that track one is not an intro track two
is is the intro track one's like a like
a like a preamble type
thing what's crazy is uh Wonka xhal is
I'm having the person who did the the
Wonka xhal remaster animation I'm having
them do the artwork for it like
everything's com full
circle like in cutie marks yeah like in
cutie marks it's just a little bit
reversed oh the other thing I forgot to
mention I just I just ran the
uh I just I just ran the the test
pressings for the carousel vinyl today I
gave them a little
spin I have some notes I got to check on
the other pressings and double check
quality control stuff but it sounds
great
it sounds beefy
somehow yeah this album is like the
smash ultimate this album is The Violet
Pony smash ultimate I
think there are fun stories behind a lot
of the titles on here um track 12 I'm
not sure if I'm going to stick with that
title uh the rest of these I'm pretty
confident on but that could
change how does Hush Sound On Vinyl it
sounds
fat it sounds fat for a vinyl sounds fat
for a
vinyl
um I think ever since ever since girls
who Wizards I've just had a tendency to
be working on like songs
chronologically sort of um I don't know
why it's just good for my brain I guess
I feel like these are going to move
around though cuz my I want to split the
album into four like discrete
sections
but but yeah I I'm super excited for
this
album still working on it cuz I'm
working on like three albums right now
this is just the one that has the
priority okay well we came here for the
game we came here for the
game so let's
game what am I doing we're closing this
I put this on the screen
actually and then I need to get my
[__] controller that needs to be
plugged in
247 oh the other thing is as I'm
starting a Taylor Swift
collection I'm going to get all the
Taylor Swift albums on CD
here is what you missed
why is it upside down
again sorry for the gunshot jump
scare Here We Go Again YouTu was recom
recommending me Pony stuff
again ah be a Pony ah be a Pony ah be a
Pony nightmare nightmare nightmare All
For
You Ah via Pony
[Music]
Here We Go Again YouTube is forcing me
to become My Little
Pony Friendship is
woke my brain is not working uh I need
to I need to there's so many menu
items transform
flip
horizontally and then and then and then
and then flip vertically there we go
see friendship is
woke is workcraft
I'll stop saying that no I
won't woke Dead Redemption
too oh what just happened
did I start a new game on
[Music]
accident yeah well let me
like this what happens when you start
yelling friendship is a woke from the
sky oh that's loading screen oh I'm just
idiot
ID everything reminds me of
them no
more it's so
loud
[Music]
uh-uh nuh-uh
I might need to turn it
down okay there we go I turn it down
just a
hair Arthur Morgan quick scope herea
I we got [__] singi to say quick
scope we got him to say quick
scope uh the video I played was not the
full thing it was just the like the the
edited version cuz he sent like just the
all the takes and he didn't really
struggle very much but the moment he saw
the word quick scope he started reading
it he was like he's like reciting it to
himself like the ancient text like quick
scope all day quick scope all
day [__] it's so funny it's so great I'm
so
happy of course it [__] is oh
naturally oh
naturally thank you very kind of
you I said this was going to have to be
plugged in constantly it's a [__]
wireless controller why is it plugged in
most of the time
iut the place
up oh I forgot about the the frame rate
on this
game it doesn't really get better than
this
either uh
sure thank
you that was unusual
so we were collecting taxes or something
we were being the the villain or
whatever Kieran
uncle uncle needs to speak to
you oh that's right
okay God there's so much to to consider
I I think we'll just go be the E I mean
I if if yeah chick
[Music]
Matthews yeah chick Matthew hi
there below bro that's why Arthur Morgan
would say
say why the [__] is everyone such
friendly today
the big ass friendly
day why did you teabag because
funny if anything I do can be reasonably
answered with the it was just because it
was funny that's probably the
answer where's my stupid horse I just
fell out of the horche is that you I am
mighty glad to be out of that cold Mr
Morgan me too oh I am getting too old
for this Gallivan
me
too how old is
he puppy oh I forgot I named him
puppy okay
okay let's uh let's let's set the chick
chick Matthews alert dollar sign
and let's make our way over to Chick
Matthews because
uh cuz it's funny to do
this why are they all
gathered it's not a big [__]
deal where am I
going is this normal am I normal I'm
not turn
around I love the white hair on this
one all right now we're Ging
now we are the video
games take the beautiful scenery
again again cuz I'm slightly nocturnal
against my will seeing daylight is like
one of the greatest things in
life I've been trying to wake up earlier
and earlier and pushing things back and
like I've just been noticing the more
sunlight I get the better everything is
so everyone should go outside everyone
go outside outside is good for
you can I get run
over don't worry about
that right now in Portland it's super
winter so all the trees are
dead all I need them to come
back I keep hearing a gunshot out this
way
[Music]
see
there is there Rona the pracer would you
be interested in some friendly
competition I might
be I might be the computer I've come all
the way north from Mexico to challenge a
real American Gunslinger you
him hey real
Gunslinger let's find out okay man
that's what I like to hear look man
rules are simple okay whoever shoots
more of these bottles wins just draw
your gone and aim when you're ready all
right
[Applause]
sh oh no I'm bad at
oh he's B video games
too hey don't say
that that was
M damn it all how the hell did you beat
me huh I don't know better shot I
suppose that didn't make me happy at all
how about we raise the stakes
huh how much money how much money do I
have
where do I see oh wait I press back
right could win real big
huh you know what I am the Gambler I've
played Counter
Strike that's not the button I wanted to
press
[Music]
oh come on oh come on that was awesome
that was great I'm so
sorry don't say it don't say it don't
say it don't say it don't say it
those we double click the put away
button Arthur does a cool gun
trick I hope it's I hope it's cuz he's
part of the Round Table
is that the wall socket
house oh no it's a normal house it's
Jesus's house that's where he was
born that's Dennis
[Music]
who where is Mary sorry I thought your
name was tomato
inspector the game's really confused at
the way I
left
wait where did they go
okay boy
just the controls are slightly weird for
this it's it makes it very difficult
to to understand for
me cuz the confirm button is the same
place
save what do you mean save
they're
[Music]
gone I'll do
it I did it oh wait you mean I had a
save I'm
OT I just realized I could do
that I'm the smartest thing in the
world that's also Dennis that's Dennis
too alert alert alert that's why it's
called AAA one for each
alert my name is Spanish is Spanish it's
basically undertak Undertaker
English that's kind of fire actually
Oh
that's oh that's Gore of my comfort
character right there
[Music]
everything's
funny Mirror Mirror the reflection of
the
law I just want to show you something
new everything is funny when you see
it DVD my life is a cartoon
what's all this
then wa didn't we do that
too I am so confused
I I am very confused right
now wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
sorry
I this game is great when I'm not
confused is this one the oh
oh I get
it I've now reloaded all of the saves I
have except the one I need to go
[Music]
to excellent work everyone do you do the
people of balls to a town still have
infrastructure well and swearing machine
I'm happy to tell you that balls to a
town has been wiped off the map
and for that
abortion listen to your
heart there why don't you sit for a bit
Arthur I'll sit for a bit Arthur
oh oh
alert I'm sitting for a bit Arthur you
okay
yep not
really this camera
angle you okay Abigail settling in good
okay I'll catch you later then
sure all right how is food coming along
Mr
pears hold
your all right now we're back in
business boss baby back in
business I am mighty glad to be out of
that cold Mr Morgan me too oh I am I'm
getting too old for this
Gallivan me
too
hor
okay
okay now we are the
gamers I am become game
yeah good
boy dog named horse
[Music]
I don't hear
gunshots oh thank
you there
good easy there would you be interested
in some friendly
competition I've come all the way north
from Mexico to challenge a real American
Gunslinger you him me a real
Gunslinger let's find out okay man
that's what I like to hear look man
rules are simple okay whoever shoots
more of these bottles wins just draw
your gone and aim when you're ready all
right damn it all how the hell did you
beat me
huh better shot I
suppose that didn't make me happy at all
how about we raise the stakes huh
all right let's do it aha that's a good
call
Amigo okay whoever shoots four birds out
of the sky first wins simple
enough stand near me and as soon as they
come out it's anyone's shot be
patient ah there they go shoot
holy
[__] it was a good try but maybe next
time huh listen you need to pay me for
your loss
okay here lucky for you I'm having a bad
day
maybe we'll do this again
huh approxim
Amigo okay dear
bro
boy okay back to what his name chick
Matthews
what okay come
on don't be mean to the horse
be kind and be gentle and be
kind didn't you hear the
album guy didn't listen to monar yep yep
Morgan that was
it Mr I just dead ey oh I forgot about
that got to say that was some fine
shooting
graas
Cowboy can I Rob another train that
would be
fun damn it
[Music]
hey mister
y where's the radio on this
[Music]
horse Arthur is the radio he needs to
start singing hey partner hey
there I like saying hi
to come on Arthur sing a song about life
think about the happy
[Music]
life easy
easy I wish there was like an in between
Sprint and walk cuz this walk is really
slow but the Sprint is too fast and too
frantic you took Matthews oh no no not
me sir uh uh that's the green horn over
there and there he goes so long long
shark damn it hey get back here you owe
us money
[Music]
now come
on
[Music]
yeah wait is that the trade I'm going to
rob it
that way [__]
sheep you don't want to get me angry
boy you're too slow old
man you make me go much further I'll get
more than a dead off you
God dang it this map will take you to
the
money lucky I ain't taking your teeth as
well chick's
treasure I feel like they're
lying but they are running back over
there
[Music]
uh oh wait I need to actually inspect
it controls are still rather confusing
stored
where one two
tree
tree tree
one two three
tree a big
tree south of some sort of intersection
that comes in from the East is it
here that's an intersection com from the
east and south here it's like here
wait or is it on the track and there's a
tree on the
track so it's like over here is question
mark
just go to the area shown on the map
a
how do I feed my horse I
forget I don't
remember what's going on with this P
EAS did you create a w point on your map
I made one
myself
Oh I thought it was having me
like figure it out
myself well that's Goofy
I was like excited to investigate and it
just tells you where it
is all right use your Witcher sense
all
right all right all right
so we got the chicken now it's time for
this one so just
bake oh I can feed puppy when I'm off
puppy easy there
boy
enjoy enjoy there
[Music]
boy that's so
nice Okay
Boy again he and Kratos be the best of
friends
life really is just like I play another
game and instead I just think about God
of War instead it's either that or
halflife nice
[Music]
boy I can also brush the puppy I have
done this
[Music]
instead of boy there is
horse he lost his beloved horse looking
boy
I heard a rumor that Saloon going to
start Charing
if you hold the walk
[Music]
button yeah there's like nothing in
between this full on Sprint and that
really as far as I can
tell hello
hello mister
howy you got time for a
game you won't believe this found a gold
nugget the other day then lost it right
after well
[__] highest double
tile
wait how does this work
[Music]
he's just I don't know highest pair
what
uh
Domino's in a draw game the aim of the
game is to be the first player to put
down all of your
dominoes begins with seven draw at
random place in the
Boneyard block oh this is a draw
game oh that's a lot of
words that's an
example I
see
okay uh
why not this
one ain't this
fun yep told that idiot Jimmy C's milk
makes you stronger when it's straight
from the tea
he didn't jokeing tell his third go
ain't the first time oh that's no
good oh I see I
understand huh okay okay
got one holy [__] stop
[Music]
yelling so I heard that gang's been
roving these parts again mhm
[Music]
oh here we
go stop
yelling enough
Domino keep them
coming I here not much I'm
afraid R to's me
you can't be that
surprised happy to assist you in a
moment the world famous Desiree La flap
risking life and limb going over the
terrifying Dawn or Falls in a
barrel oh
wow the woman without fear no that's a
rarity I'll get in trouble if I go
through this door w't
I hello again something to miss I need
to find a ranch mid here called Lily
Millet you know where she is sorry who I
don't think I ever heard that
name see you
later then temp women are back handing
us again see you
later oh
relax it's like a one foot no no no okay
puppy down good one boy good one
[Music]
boy oh my God
328 my controller is vibrating whenever
I walk over
here you have any idea of the hole I'm
in oh come on why is there always got to
be such a goddamn performance with you
now I told you I'd get you the money
next week and I'll get it if you didn't
make it this week who's to say you'll
make it next don't you take that tone
with me I thought you said you loved me
I do I do but what I get paid ain't
enough for one person let alone too your
money's got to be your problem now the
only problem I got is this bleeding
going on in my ear now lay off it Lily
got God damn
it
Lily where's our
money what that loan you took it's
payday I'm sorry I don't have it right
now well then I guess we got a big
problem don't we Cooper give him what
you've got I ain't giving him nothing
except a lessening damn m
[__] hats come on
now stop
it don't have to do
this how did that
F no please
don't hurt
him who's talking now huh all right all
right he has all my money I I gave it
all to him just take everything that you
find on him and let's be done with this
please swap
hat hell
no hey you know what I'd do to thieves L
hear about this I I didn't steal that
it's a debt a damn
it can a man have some
peace
right up he call
[Music]
you may want to catch this witness too
late I was just thinking we getting out
[Music]
yeah he your find where I they get post
office is
it's
[Music]
I need to well I don't need to do that I
can
go thinking of maybe going here
again did we kill someone
[Music]
I thought we just knocked him out
whatever
[Music]
how there mister
evening hey
[Music]
you you just call me a slur under his
breath
yeah yeah okay boy
[Music]
hey there mister mister
I can jump to
horse seek Redemption all it's never too
late help a blind man
here dollar you keep hidden all that
matters sir maybe even from
yourself well okay then thank you I
guess nice let's go
boy don't waste any more time with an
old blind man go out there and become
Who You Are
okay
yeah I'm so curious about those smoke
sacks he's totally Faking It
[Music]
there we
go yeah
so up got this bridge Feller you best
clear
off I
see do dral are like what a rival gang
or something
[Music]
enemy just some guys aren't they always
Barner
sir okay I I this the The Walking thing
is
is I have to know
is it really just the two
speeds just walking or sprinting so this
is like there's this you can slow down
to
this but you can go of this and then
just pull on Sprint
there's no in
between that not how you get around I
mean you can walk fast faster than this
without
sprinting
Madam the way of the Wild West jogging
wasn't invented
[Music]
yet it just makes the I don't know just
makes it look kind of silly
so pretty
though I'm stay hurry up and get on
for the
let's I've done 10 minutes ago and had
time to clean my
boots it's going to happen look they're
all over each other to the wind I
Reon yeah what is that thing you're
smoking anyway Peach meat sure don't
look like
tobacco come on Mister it's there on a
plate he's missing all the CU there's
only so much canoodling a
self-respecting fell to
watch come on let's make tracks this is
going
nowhere
what
what I am glorious this bule now I feel
so L and heavy
at the same time all
right have I told you what an
amaz it
like there's like a marker on my mini
map for this
place
why what does it want me to do here
talking about regulating hunting don't
make no damn sense how's a man supposed
to
eat do
that
hello hello sir howdy
sir so what's all this then I'm
realizing this placees have signs I
could go and read them
maybe it seems to be [__] more [__]
what does that
say Freight
station it's so
dark salon's open
come on Sir try to remember what really
happened at Sylvia's Saloon back in 76
just a lot of bunk play it's just a lot
of bunk it's not bunk Mr Callaway sir
it's history who's your friend there
what's that in your [__] book Playdoh
this is Jim booy Callaway the Jim boy
caway who the
Gunslinger fastest left-handed draw that
ever Drew breath he once killed 14 men
in a fight at luzy Halla what are you
waiting for how do you mean well I
reckon right now kill him yourself I
don't want to kill him I want to deify
him he's a God I'm trying to write his
biography how's that going I think I'd
prefer the duel either I'd kill him and
be able to be Baltimore's finest ever
Gunslinger or he'd kill me and I could
be set free from ever having to speak to
him again well you're starting to
understand say something very important
what's that the joys of gunslinging it's
win-win Freedom Or Glory that's
brilliant I'm going to write that down
if I may be my
guest what's your
name I don't have a name but you are a
gunslinger not really I mean folks who
need shooting I try and shoot in the
back all that other stuff it's well bunk
but you fought duels once upon a time I
may have and you ain't interested in F
I don't think so strange but you like
Fortune I need money sure okay then
forgive me mister if I seem a little
desperate I am a little desperate this
book I've got to make a thing of it and
well there's a whole list of gunfighters
Legends every last one EMT
Granger flacko
Hernandez Billy midnight black Bell
never heard of him maybe you can go and
speak to them ask them about Callaway
any of them get up at
he shoot him I can't believe I just said
that but you want me to go and find some
sad deluded fools like him ask if he was
the greatest and then if they get up
shoot him does sound a lot worse than it
did in my head how much you paying well
a lot half the proceeds of the book if
you help me get it written I'll see what
I can do H oh oh get
photos Okay and there are notes on the
back of those portraits that should lead
you to them I'll see what I can find
down I imagine we'll be stuck here upon
your
return here are some other Flop
House I
never
divorc kind of Fire
the man who killed rabbit
Matthews roads train station
uh
horsey could just walk over
there good
morning Mis
so where the cell do
help unrelated question but is the line
from narcissus even when the stars
surround you surv your center of the
universe it's reference to old or and
soul from League of Legends
um no it isn't but now that people know
that I reference League of Legends
enough it's like it's starting to sound
dubious
surely
um rabbit Matthews related to
Chick yes the the famous Matthews of the
world
um also someone was like didn't have I
sampled Tom Ken since instead of Kindred
first of all I didn't sample Tom Kent it
was just like light
inspiration for that part of the song so
there isn't any Tom kench actual like
samples in the album and the other thing
is I did sample Kindred it's in Revenge
fantasy um right after the uh God of War
line um and the other thing is uh Arian
wolfer inspired by
Kindred which I feel like is is far
beyond like Tom Ken's
reference
um it really quickly be right back can
you guys watch the abortion lits for me
[Music]
what
what what what's
happening what's
happening wait wait wait wait
[Music]
wait what
what what does this
mean what does this
mean
what
okay okay sure sure whatever
sure
whatever now we're to sell this Pelt I
want to get rid of this
Pelt will the beef Lord over here take
the
[Music]
Pelt wait is that the beef
Lord that's the beef Lord
welcome open for business Valentine form
an orderly
line there's no one here oh hello again
never too soon huh
I have to be on foot to interact with
the shopkeeper that is not what the
instructions previously
said
morning come on damn Valentine used to
be a nice town this here's going to the
wrw
what what did I do
what the hell it's
down got you bang the r son we're taking
you
in okay I want to see them
hands let's just talk about this right
you will raise your hands or you will
die where you
stand okay you got
me okay I figure you know how this
goes what what did I do
this is
insane
$8
okay thanks
like what did I
do well I don't have a bounty
anymore all right now that you just
threw me in jail you want
this me and the sheriff we're close said
to keep an eye on you after your stint
in a cell
okay you are covered in
blood the shopkeeper does not accept
this
item who
[Music]
will I don't want it
you know whenever they hang a man just
down the way there trade really picks up
appetite's a funny thing ain't
it
sure I'm looking L up for
like
oh it's a quest line oh my goodness okay
um I used to have my stall right on the
Main Street there this was still a small
town in those days that's nice
D oh I have no
money I might just have
to sell all for 4
10 big game me so apparently Dr Callaway
is related to Callaway the Gunslinger
cousins or
something thanks
man y I'm keeping it
all I'm keeping all of
it all right the no
point no meal is complete don't got
meat you
what are you doing back
here
what hey let me get through what is
going
[Music]
on what's Happening
hard y'all all right then not too
bad
okay well
okay
boy I should bring the P we're doing so
much
backtracking it's
fine why is that still highlighting as
well oh it marks everyone on the
map this is too this is too simple
it's so silly it would it would be like
it would be so much more fun if they
didn't tell me exactly where they
were so I could like just I don't know
explore it like learn more about things
on my own it's kind of
annoying well
it's amazing that they don't do that
like it's such a it's such a brilliant
looking open
world you take
care if we just not use the map I
mean is this true
easy to mod them out of the game yeah on
though Federal
pardon I was curious about this way
actually
God this front looks so silly it looks
so dramatic for no
reason 8 in the morning what no church
at 8 in the
morning RP walking I mean yeah it's
immersion
appreciate
it does like the shoot button without
your weapon drawn still Qui draw I'm
scared of touching the button the the
right trigger is so
large you got nothing better to do
howdy you must be pretty fast with that
gun what
gun all right so we go and bring the
thing over to to
whoever
okay and then we'll do uh I don't know
Quest maybe good morning
morning gay people every
morning
nice sell St St I don't have much to
sell it's going to give all the meat to
pierce it or
whatever or keep some to cook as well
maybe
yeah howdy hey
partner I wonder if they actually spoke
like this
Shad word are you plotting are you
plotting your
revenge yeah
well Trinity is potting forgiveness
so easy now
[Music]
where did that Bird Go
a
did he really
L maybe it's
despawned runs far enough away and to
spawn
I wanted to eat
it somebody
sounds the world
oh find all the dream catchers to reveal
a secret
within sure dear
Roo whatever RS you say
okay
oh sh
BR wait
cook I just insta cook
it just throw that [__] on the ground
yeah kick that
[__] okay hey boy
that's a
rabbit I could sell
this okay
what is
that is that a
beaver don't
kick
yep guys was that be
[Music]
oh face the wrath of my Ford F-150
[Applause]
[Music]
let's pick that up again and then be
like get on the horse get on the horse
oh who [__] cares about that [__]
throw that [__] on the ground we don't
give a [__] any
I guess I'll just skin it right that is
that to
[Music]
do
that that was not that was not skinning
it that was not not skinning it it's
still
there you just tore its hard out or
whatever
[Music]
dude I can SK the
rabit we we're just going
to we'll just you just leave that there
it's
not SK for a feather pel I mean you're
right but like
I was expecting like I don't know
feathers or
like I don't know what I was expecting
but it wasn't
that I just wanted to hit it with my
car my favorite thing to
do that'll do boy
how you doing there
partner
fine you've had a run of bad luck huh
Blackwater and then uh
sure of
course real
crazy do you realize you look like a
Backstreet butcher Mr
Morgan
fry they're making fried mutton out here
okay hope for a good day
the shit's heavy man what are you
all good there Pearson still need more
food Mr Morgan yeah you should try your
luck again with that bow I know I
will we're going to run out of meat here
soon if we're not
careful good job
Arthur good we really needed this
thank you
Arthur but like the pelts
the
p a stew without good meat is no stew at
all Mr
Morgan good job Mr
Morgan stash of like here
in your stash or
something what you doing Tilly nothing
Miss Grimshaw that's right nothing
you're useless you're worse than useless
you're a parasite you're a worm
ridiculous get ready but I don't want to
work Miss Grimshaw I don't feel right I
don't care what you feel girl get ready
these girls Mr Morgan it's a shame they
weren't princesses in fairy tales well
it looks like they found their Fairy
Godmother like the backhead
sentence where do I [__] put the
skin where do I put the skin
bro pears
buddy tell me what to do
hey morning to
you thank you for all your work of
course Mr
Morgan I mean that
okay
Christ all right the curse of the Pelt
it is mine to
Bear did I sell the
rabbit sometimes I suppose you I saw
that I was like really
confused another stuff I can talk to I
can talk to people here but I I don't
really want to right now
I'm like worried of like starting a
quest line that like makes it hard to
save or
whatever
um but didn't we do
this I'll go saunter over there
good
no hi
Karen Arthur miss Karen how you getting
now
we're just going to be carrying this
[__] all day
long good thing this game is
beautiful guys let me know if you
agree but I I feel like a a Wells Fargo
would look great
here just a big what happened here
must be Australia there's no way what do
you
mean for F-150 for F-150 for it F150 for
it
F150 help please anyone
hey what's with the holler I got bit oh
God I need medicine or a siphon here
drink
this
medicine oh thank you Jesus
you saved my life I owe you got that
right I
do now I I got to get out of
here
no don't much like it around here no
more glad I could help keep your eyes on
the ground
huh no money
D Pelt go to the
Trapper y should go to the
driller I missed the r and
all hey
there okay
gathy the bearer the bearer of great new
[Music]
relax it's not a big deal I'm a horse
too you okay
[Music]
boy nice try I hear that Aussie accent I
feel like it be guet
I am being
gaset I'm from Daily
City Daily City
California I am the
Filipino wish we my family is
from
uh I
guess that
zone of the
world so
sure I really really just want to see
more small animals and yell for F150 at
them I think this my best interest
[Music]
what
oh
[Applause]
hello
[Music]
boy border
col ah they're over there
Mr Thomas DS yep that's me you owe me
money oh no no I'm I'm
I'm we ain't a charity Mr
DS I'm afraid your trip
here has has been in vain really
threaten me would
you please I have a family sir
please I don't care about your
family why' it have to come to this
huh believe me sir I didn't want this
either if you want the money you'll have
to
wait you ain't such a dude good her are
you if you're running out on De P I'm
I'm not running anywhere I'm I'm do I'm
doing my best for
you you are a slippery little bastard
but I got you now please please show
some compassion
please St told me you needed a beaten
you saying he was right what will that
solve if I'm here there's a reason I'm
here pay the money you'll make this stop
now wouldn't paying up have been a
little
easier pay the
money what what was that this is not
forgiveness of my debt this is just a
stay be
reasonable you B B Money from my
business partner har Strauss you owe him
you took the money he wants it back
what's not to
understand where's our money I don't
have
it sell your place we already owe more
than it's worth then sell your wife or
your family or something we ain't your
idea of Charity
jacine Thomas what are you looking at
Thomas I said what you looking at woman
my husband isn't well if we could just
have more like I said we ain't nobody's
idea of Charity get us the
[Music]
money okay
just spit blood I he just beat him up
so that would
[Music]
track was that technically fast travel
that just happened right
now that's happened if few times I
always thought it was the start of a cut
scene but then it's always just like
place of fast
[Music]
travel hey hi there
ah how did you get on not so good he's
almost dead and they seem more or less
destitute you were a fool for Lending
them the money well people who aren't
desperate don't seem so interested in my
propositions of course
okay [__] arth Arthur
Rus you're right Arthur Morgan's going
to get Sigma
Hey when's this going to
end speak don't don't cry boy speak
about your
gang I
[Applause]
can't War whoa hold your horses there it
seems the uh cat has got our friend
here's tongue I was thinking Mr
Williamson could have a word you ready
to talk boy I told you mister I told all
is I don't know nothing okay they ain't
no friends of mine I just been ridden
with them for a while oh [__] you see we
heard that part so how about you tell
the truth Dutch what you want me to do
Hur him so the next time he opens his
mouth it is to tell us what is going
on who am I kidding one o'driscoll's
boys couldn't open his mouth but he'd
tell a
lie screw it let's just have some
fun G him oh yeah what's he doing
where's he going oh don't worry you're
only balls boy just going to cause you
trouble you know in Imperial Rome Unix
was among the happiest and most loyal of
courg me right of course you sick
bastard no what do you want from me well
you are going to talk the only question
is now or after we got these little
Fellas on okay okay listen I know where
old Driscoll was hold up and you're
right he don't like you any more than
you like him he's at Sixpoint cap
happen I'll take you there serious I
don't like him I mean I like him even
less than I like you no offense none
taken okay then partner why don't you
take a few of us up there right now I
got this Dutch should be fun all right
you come on let's
go
good let's both hope you ain't trying to
trick us
odris I ain't no odris goo are you sure
as [__] was John Bill come here we got a
social call needs making where are we
heading uh we're upov into the hills
behind Valentine uh I'll show you John
you take this little rattlesnake with
you any nonsense you kill him sure going
to pay your buddies our
respects he taking us to com that's what
he says come on I'm taking you to him
look I I'll give you more directions
when we're
close I know where
we or it's up past
Valentine all right I'll leave
yep
yep Sharon saddle with an old Driscoll
who' have thought how many times I got
to say I ain't an old Driscoll you sure
look like one and you smell like God
damn you smell like one too I smell like
horeshit that's right oh why are you
high Morgan you got throwing knives in
your saddle bag dud said that you might
I was asked to give them and I'm doing
you the further courtesy of telling you
about it next time you want to give me
something how about you give it to me
instead of hiding it somewhere hoping
the opportunity comes up to mention it
last goddamn favor I do
you hey hey
if if I got my bearings it's over
here yeah I know
this Tre take this track up through the
rocks how you holding up John fine still
ain't right but I'm fine you damn well
should be after all that bed rest hey
all right Abigail wouldn't let me up you
know her she won't be reasoned with well
when you was having a failure of Reason
hiding behind your woman we were getting
shot at and I do the same for you if you
was in a bad way I hope so but I fear
you don't know how to help anyone excep
in yourself you see old Driscoll if this
how he treats his friends imagine what
he does to his enemies I got an inkling
of what you all do to your enemies when
you put those gilding tongs to my parts
well you still got those tongs I got a
knife won't be so clean but it'll do the
job keep that in your mind young fell
right at the Forefront of I swear I
promise I am taking you to comb as best
as I can you'll see I I'll make
[Music]
good those are the Hills Head for them
save your horses we got to climb boys
you know you all ain't that different
from the old Driscoll what did you just
say I've been watching you all these
weeks and uh you've been tied to a tree
you don't know nothing about this gang
yeah well i' I'd say you don't know much
about the O risal but maybe I know more
about you than you know about them and I
know all about them so tell us then how
are we like those Mongrel dogs you're
outlawed like them you're out to survive
like them you live rough you live Hard
fighting the law nature you're out for s
see this is why you're in O'Driscoll OD
Driscoll you're out to survive we're out
to live free col's a sneak thief and a
killer Dutch is Dutch is more like a
teacher from where I've been you just
look the same as all then you looked but
you ain't seen John shut that boy up
enough out of you boys we're almost on
them
now who knows if this son of a [__] we
got with us is talking true but if it's
what he says it is and Cole mod
Driscoll's here we can end years of
fighting Here and Now Amen to that here
here I swear this is where he was shut
up okay now now cut left up here we we
go down the hill into the forest
oh we're going in quiet taking them out
as we find them trying not to set things
off but if we do we move quick and hard
settle this like we know how
okay by we're going to use with you
Morgan all right then through the trees
here bear P bear P Ford F-150
[Music]
hey we're real close I'd leave your
horses the other side of this
clearing I'll get my guns off my horse
and I'm ready easy Bill Qui
this is
it the cabin's just the other side of
this hill okay off your horses let's go
you going to get them knives I said
easy w
follow me all right it ain't far we
might have shared a horse but we ain't
friends
remember I'm watching you every moment I
ain't going to shop you now come on it'd
be suicide you'll die boy but you lose
your balls first Jesus Christ hey there
there you see
okay get
down cabin's in the cleaner down there
there'll be a bunch of fellas hiding out
there too are these fellas armed armed
drunk weary of strangers yep in krisco
he'll be H up in his cabin be passed out
booze blind likely is not and over there
someone's coming so uh who's going to
tell him we ain't got nothing for the
pot a let me think the fell that spooked
the game I reckon I'm going to drain it
I I'll catch up no we ain't going to
fall for that we're going to wait so you
can tell them yourself yeah yeah yeah if
anyone's actually going to shoot the
messenger it'd be that mean son of a
[__] yes sir come on Shake It Off
come on what are we doing about the
pisser
Morgan one by the
tree I'm going to deal with this first
fell okay go to
work we're here we don't need nothing
else from
you the old loses it I will get another
chance of AG just I'll be G juty sun up
to sun down soiling my drawers in the
spot Morgan the next two what's the plan
we're
waiting keep back where they won't hear
us when I move you move wait what's
happening you loost your
what just happened what was that to the
camp look out guess they know we're here
let's get it's off we move come on
then look at
[Music]
that been riding with Dutch for years
you're worris
hat none of them get out of
here I have no idea what
don't run away from
[Applause]
me we got him oh
[Music]
in come at me you Irish bastards
cat you on the worst running hide if you
know what's good for
you give was calm this is done die you
drunk idiot
this quite a high
out the wood give up old Dr we got you
beet coming you weren't lying there
little CL we caught him
[Music]
on you stay here you dead man
going to
[Applause]
have get out here that's
it again leave him to's still here hey
he
said I'll check you look out
here all right whatever
you all right sure thank
you C old Drisco he ain't here
you set us up come here what you set us
up no I didn't you did K Driscoll ain't
here he was here I swear I if I was
setting you up I I wouldn't have saved
your life it's a good point
Arthur all right then go on get out of
here hey I won't kill you I didn't set
you up lost [__] lost I'm letting you
you way I'm go get out of here this is
good as killing me out there without you
K just was going to lose his mind about
this so so I'm one of you
now give me a
break all right then but I'm warning you
oh hey I know come on let's get to Camp
so you got the cash then what cash yes
usually some cash in the chimney I'll
check it rest of you boys get the camp
quick see Arthur I ain't so bad hey Bill
you tell tou old kieren ain't worth
killing just yet right you
[Applause]
are what no more room for
whiskey but there's room for canned
fruit [__] that
[__] snazzy looking hat oh yeah we'll
grab it on the way in I'm sure well I
don't
[Applause]
$11
$12 $10 we're R in high
here drop carbine repeater for double
barrel shotgun
but I want my I want
the do
I how do I take both I don't want to
lose one
is
oh damn that's
nice oh that's
beautiful well
damn so okay how do I take both though
but I need that
bow what do I
do how do I take
both when you get on your horse you will
have
both okay trust
at least you got something tucked away
$600 I'm assuming we don't get to keep
all
that okay I I'm trusting
oh
where's my goddamn
hat where's my [__] hat
there it is I see
but where's my
hat wanted crime reported what
[Music]
CME where's my [__]
hat where's my [__] hat
[Applause]
your hat is always on your
[Music]
horse forward F150 Ford F-150 for F150
Big Moose Big Moose
[Music]
my [__] bored
F-150
easy puppy mhm there you
go should have this
boy all right
boy why is puppy look old
[Music]
okay
boy all
right
um we go
to's go
here fory
time yeah yeah okay
boy
okay
shiny well damn shiny
uhhuh
yeah okay
okay there
that's a strong looking horse
thanks
okay yeah I play no
man don't don't laugh
this game really makes you feel like a
Hell by pulling your gun out every day
of your
life yeah I heard about the new one
something something Park
[Music]
[Applause]
to who
fast
[Music]
hutter yeah I saw the ocean pretty cool
is that the place I'm peran
from that's something else
[Music]
right
hey friend
hello
hello good to see manners ain't dead yet
damn this looks really strange in this
environment doesn't
it you
why why does it make me pull out a
gun
why why does it make me do that I wasn't
trying
to I'm so confused
I didn't pull it
out America
moment it's like ruining it's like
ruining everything I'm trying to do all
the
time where was the
last
545 544
you're to keep your finger off R2 like
that I didn't even press R2 that's the
crazy
[Music]
thing yeah half the
that that is a
[Music]
Michael okay nice
I must have pressed L1 on
accident
Christ okay I two of
them hey there partner hello I like you
mister you have a kind face
okay well good luck to you all right
then that was kind
of different
controll excuse me
partner I'll enjoy killing you
oh does it force you to do that are they
threatening
me cuz I definitely had my finger off
the L1 this
time were they just attacking
me this is so
confusing we got a
[Music]
[__] ain't noou
surrounded
wasted
no no remember remember it's a rockstar
game remember that
anyway that's
[Music]
strange this is delicious all right oh
hello what are
you
so so what just happened
my quest is still
done
okay oh he looks like
[__] Mr Morgan yes Miss Grimshaw Mr
Matthews gave me a message for you he
said when it was convenient to head into
Emerald Ranch he's looking at a few
business things there
okay he'll find something too he always
does will you be well now Mr Morgan I'm
always well miss
Grimshaw H Arthur just died
what did that
do so Misty all of a sudden
the frog is coming
okay that's better I
think Mr
Morgan Mr Morgan Mr pears quite a
country quite a country you know
sometimes I'm glad I left the Navy too
many
men too many men this world far more
Gentile huh
I never figured running in a bunch of
Outlaws would be the gential
option
well I've seen things
sir I've seen terrible
things all
right mm
getting real low on meat
here this all I got for
you don't you overcook this now
pear okay
I need to talk to Dutch something going
on at the
station first things
first what are you doing what's it look
like I'm doing it looks like you're
reading and I am how do you ask just
making conversation there we
go I'm
sorry I was being C I don't know why
much
better very
pretty I'm sorry I'm not being forward
or nothing but you are you're very
sweet strange and horrible and in a
Driscoll
sweet mrgan I'm not mrgan yes Miss
Grimshaw one of the girls saw that
friend of yours Mar Gillis sniffing
about Mar you yes I never liked that
woman Mr Morgan funny
business where he scary off
too all right mayor Biff I'm bored out
of my mind been cooped up for days well
bored is better than
freezing okay I'll catch you later then
sure thing
where did he go
found some cash in that OD Driscoll
cabin but not much else a shotgun and no
c not for now
no all right well I should be getting on
okay hey get down from there
Arthur Dutch Miss oay well feels like we
are finally getting back on our feet you
uh find a buyer for them bonds we stole
not yet but Jose is working on it when
we heading
west
soon I don't
know feels
like things have changed the whole
world's
changed and they don't want folk like us
no no
more we're being hunted we are smarter
than them only the feeblest of men take
jobs in the
government I hope so trust Dutch Mr
Morgan you have to they got mic Dutch
off what's going on they got Micah he
he's been arrested for murder he was in
Strawberry it's okay son
breathe they nearly lynched me they they
got my and the sheriff's and strawberry
and there's talker hanging them there's
open Arthur what the fool brought this
on himself you know my feelings about
him Dutch you think I can't see past his
Bluster to the heart inside he is a fine
man no I ain't saving that fool I can't
go my face will be all over West
Elizabeth I am asking he would do it for
you I don't think he would but fine all
right Arthur you okay Lenny
yeah of course I'm okay you don't seem
okay you take that kid into town
Valentine not strawberry get him drunk
and Arthur no crazy business I've given
that up and you get Micah out of that
jail Come On Son I'll get to it Dutch
just can't drop
everything all right boy
no crazy business like shooting the
[__] church for no
reason yeah I rode as fast as I could
didn't stop for nothing yeah you look
like You' been through it I'm beat we
finally get off that mountain then this
mic's got a crazy side office
what were you boys doing you supposed to
be scouting the headquarters I kept
asking him what we was doing but he was
you worried too much kid just just some
business to attend to kid you know how
he is yes I do he was half soaked before
we even got there then we ran into some
fellas One of Them Micah knew drank some
more and this is supposed to be a Dry
Town we're in too then he shoots one of
them I know how that goes couldn't even
tell you quite how happened like the
strike of a match the law was on us fast
too they was ready to Strang me up there
and then but I got away just about
you're all right now we'll take care of
it so you're going to go get him I'll
come with you a you leave it to me for
now let's drink some forget about Mar it
was drank that started all this we'll
just have a couple settle you down then
head back okay okay
now I should warn you me and a couple of
the other boys we gotten a bit of a
fight last time we was here what kind of
fight oh nothing B we kept it clean
we're all
good if you say so
Arthur yep
[Music]
easy almost [__] Ford F-150 into that
person almost said face the
[Music]
Wrath
how I'm a mind my
P best day of my life
[Music]
oh here we
are what are you
doing let's go boy
okay oh
the
[__] good evening even
[Music]
just one or two right off them of course
just a drink don't be drama can we get a
couple of beers please you I don't want
no trouble you'll get none from me I was
defending myself Tommy he's you'll be
fine have one for
yourself thank
you Micah seemed to know a lot of people
that was the problem how you mean
I mean I done seen a lot of crazy crazy
stuff but lot of crazy crazy stuff will
you shut up but you shut up be quiet
buddy they ders my Lord you men is
dull and leave this fool alone leave the
fool alone people been leaving me alone
for the last 10 years listen
buddy you're fellow one of the best but
me and the kid here we're trying to talk
business so could you possibly leave us
alone no offense
intend ain't no pleasing some
folk just trying to be
friendly not
really
[Music]
oh this is a little bit more than a
couple yeah
[Music]
that's great partner Lenny Lenny where
are
[Music]
you hey
Lenny Lenny where are you
[Music]
what you doing kid hello
offer you you know what I don't
know why did you never
married don't want to have
me there the sake cuz it
Lenny Lenny get away from me now little
[__] Ain you come
on get
down I lost my friend you see where he
went all right come here leave the kid
alone you goddamn animals who do you
think you're talking to nobody I'm
talking to nobody what did you say what
I said what did you say get lost buddy
shut up mister yeah shut your mouth
[Music]
mister I'm the
peer P game play
[Music]
oh
L anywhere are you hiding now
[Music]
Lenny what's with all the
leg bastard
[Music]
we looking all over for you Hy do I look
like a Lenny to
[Music]
you what I'm feel
hello did I just
[Music]
die
lny how many have you had pal
[Music]
kind of
crazy
Len found you
Lenny I'm Clyde you got the wrong
fell it's time for Lenny gameplay
[Music]
what's going
on help
[Music]
damn it Lenny stop sloping off on me
Lenny what are you talking
about
letny what are you doing
[Music]
[Applause]
why are we
fighting you you're a you're a good
friend to me off shut up
[Music]
Cheers
Cheers not you
[Music]
again one here I didn't mean nothing by
it is this
[Music]
mandatory that's just worth like to have
a whole pack of gummy ones
[Music]
they
are come
[Music]
here you stop right now you drunken fool
I said
stop you're let Take Me Alive
[Music]
Offa you
alive
Offa you live
off I want to
die where to
die what did we do I don't know I mean
NE you pair
degenerates there's a fine for drunken
violence in this town you're just lucky
no one was killed hey we didn't start a
thing yes you did well I don't remember
either you fools got any money it's $10
and you're free to walk
sure
now get out of
here I don't want to see either you
around here no
more so that was a quiet drink
first one was pretty quiet yeah the
first one was pretty quiet at least you
took your mind off goddamn M well that's
certainly true I got to get out of here
I'm just going to have a little sit down
and feel sorry for
myself well damn
[Music]
s I'm told
wa how you
keeping no use playing innocent around
here folk remember you
go eat the band you
idiot you
bastard that's what they we don't need
any more trouble from
you
okay hey you what are you doing back
here positively
shocking I heard the law trying to start
meddling in these parts sh hello
again you range your bath I need a wash
I got someone warming it up for you
already just head down the corridor
there just head down to meow meow
bath
time he's so happy
hooray oh I forgot I had to do scrub gam
playay would you like some extra help
there nah I'm good thank
you okay maybe next time
hun no I have to do I I have to do scrub
gaml I'm doing scrub game
a he looks like such a fine
gentleman need another
net very
complicated see you soon
Rockstar launcher this is this is why I
be playing on
Playstation hey
moveing excuse me but I need okay boy I
fought in the wall the hell you cracked
in the head or something I Fought For
You morning come on give a ni give me a
dive give me
something what's going on over here
morning do you I just want to get a
drink I'm pared
four shots
ago give a fell a nickel do they not
know how to drive I think they forgot
how to
drive hey
buddy I'm too all to get a job Mister
wait wait
letter a letter has arrived for
you
unle a
uh new business opportunity an emerald
Ranch oh yes the damer
kind of want to do that next to go here
first morning Parker hey
mister oh
they don't even know about Cowboy
flow morning friend hey there mister
morning
friend this really that those telep
poles
wait a
minute now wait a minute
where's my
P
guys where my P
go where's my
Bel don't tell me I got to fight another
bear
[Music]
who goes
there going to be a good
day
yeah that all got a little messy huh I
Reck it's best if we just put it behind
us shoot
me
uhhuh
boy where's the
p is he an honest fr the way I see it
he's the worst kind of fraud Mr Dutch
he's a rich dreamer playing at being one
of us this kid is too smart
Arthur how do you mean I than you
already he's on vacation with the lower
classes The Outlaws those unprotected by
wealth you are too hard on him he he
writes with incredible beauty yes he's
very ornamental as my uncle would say
and your uncle what was he he was a
slave most educated man in his County
but a slave Miller writes about men like
him n Miller's a slave too a slave to
pretty words and empty phrases but he
don't understand you are too harsh a
Critic look you're a great man Mr Dutch
but you ain't great cuz of Evelyn Miller
[Laughter]
keep quiet Morgan he'll Eat You
Alive it ain't
difficult did Arthur just like
self-own hereon where's my goddamn
Pelt really need your boys to get out
there and hunt supplies are low it just
says it's
gone actually I'll come back to you
later okay good day Mr Morgan
morning hey man do you like Minecraft oh
are you jack he you was sick a little
bit but uncle josea gave me some
medicine okay
good well I should get back to it
okay okay rip that Bel
then there he
is how's it all going how do you think
okay then
good morning
Arthur
morning play Domin Mr
Morgan can I ask you a favor if if it's
convenient I mean
sure if you're out on your adventures
and you see any herbs for seasoning
would you mind grabbing them for me
season yes don't tell Mr
Pearson okay I'll see what I can
do all
right we are going to the grocery store
I'm going to the grocery store I'm we
going to the grocery
store hold
on there it
is I'm going to the grocery store I'm
going to the grocery store I'm going to
the grocery store
wait my
hat so we found you Driscoll's hide out
but no sign of Comb well so long as
we're hitting them before they hit us oh
that
kieren he's all right
now okay well let's talk more later
whatever you
say give me my hat back
thank goodness oh
letter
um
what dear Arthur I've written this
letter a hundred times or more and I
cannot get it right it's me you know
it's me from the bad
handwriting I know I said when we last
spoke and I was going off to get married
that we would not speak again I know I
said a lot of things and I meant them I
suppose at the time but I'm not so proud
as to not speak to people who care for
me or cared for me I've been in Valen
timee for a couple of months I had some
bad luck and well it's a long story and
not an interesting one but I am here for
now I saw a couple of the girls or
whatever the polite term is for them
that ran with you and your Associates in
town and I heard tell of a man who
sounded like you I would love to see you
again if you could spare me a little bit
of your time I'm renting a room at
Chadwick Farm just north of Valentine
yours Mary
Linton
okay okay
Pearson I'm
finished it'll be ready when it's
ready to the grocery
store cat is
online all good
here death hats is
online
y now announcing Moonlight glow
[Music]
hey there hey there
they set me up I'm an innocent
man hey enough out of you hey hey you
please you got to get me out of here
stay back from the wagon sir
transporting a fugitive let me out of
here I got a wife and kids
shut up and keep still I've never robbed
a thing in all my life come
on oh you're giving me a
headache what's going on the hell do you
think you're
doing where you Fells going off to have
some fun with whoever you got in the
back I won't ask again move out of the
way just what in the hell is your
problem just on my
way I said leave now get
going I think it's time for a
breakout we got to Res of your attemp
here yeah I teach him a lesson
a let me out shoot the
lock is this some kind of sick
joke maybe a little bit
okay
boy
yep cover your oh true
[Music]
shut up God it's not a big deal you're
TOS yeah
pull away dang it he's going to lose us
if we don't
move get in
there not now
[Music]
take him out
now you're
next
he
damn I apparently I'm not sping enough
tobacco
classic it was all just a bad dream
up
[Music]
hellow
out there
mister quit wasting
I haven't played the original Red Dead
[Music]
one I got to find more cops
hey partner hey partner
[Music]
it's been a little bit since I've done a
Ford F-150
[Music]
I supposed to be like for four F150 like
that's
the can't do that
[Music]
okay there
hey hey friend
Mis it's an interesting way of putting
it Sheamus uh no doubt I do interest in
very well well it's trusting I don't do
so well please I know how to work with
good people Sheamus and I work in the
right way they all say that I never met
an idiot that called himself one this is
Sheamus he's our new partner I ain't no
such thing prospective new partner if he
likes us liking ain't the problem
trusting is as I said keep your voices
down I don't want my boss hearing this
is a sideline of course look at us
honest as the day is long exactly I'll
tell you what let let prove ourselves
prove ourselves to this clown what you
talking about Good day Hosea good luck
with your business dealings listen he's
Rough and Ready and quick with his
tongue but I swear you can trust him and
trust me I'm an old man you're not old
Sheamus I'm old enough and you know why
I ain't dead you don't trust idiots
exactly we're not idiots let us prove it
to
you okay I'll tell you what Arthur old
Bob Crawford his boys just bought a
beautiful stolen stage coach from
upstate it's in their barn now you go
get
that and then we can work together who's
old Bob Crawford an acquaintance of mine
so you want us to take out your
competition well he he's not just an
acquaintance but a cousin by marriage I
also want to see if your boys got what
it takes you survive that where is he
he's in a farmhouse just Northwest of
here called Cara Dell that's just up the
train track as you're heading up towards
Fort Wallace there's also some money in
that house but that's your business not
mine but don't kill nobody folks know we
ain't intimate no more and they'll know
it was me but you're fine with us Robbin
your cousin by marriage and yes I'd love
it you heard the man let's go rob his
cousin by
marriage buddy old pal knows about all
the marriage
[Applause]
really really lead the way he said the
place is just Northwest of here me
you're the one who's been out
gallivanting around here that's what you
call it well clearly you've recovered
from your bear
encounter yeah by the way I lost the p
[Music]
could have played that better couldn't
you thought you wanted me here to show
some strong arm that's usually how it
goes yes but you know how this works
come on josea that feather's a joke and
that's why he's perfect he won't cause
us any problems a safe spot to fence
wagons and coaches that's easy money for
us I guess you're right come on it's not
like he's asking us to rob a bank if if
the two of us can't steal a stage coach
from Sheamus's old crooked cousin by
marriage we should hang up our hats
[Music]
now here okay boy
yeah good
[Music]
boy so what's the story with that
Emerald Ranch you find out anything else
a little all is a nasty type by all
accounts Sheamus is sure scared of him
that's not saying much something strange
about the place used to be a saloon
there General Store now it's all closed
up but they seem to have money sounds
worth a look around for sure Sheamus
also mentioned the Rancher's daughter a
couple of times how he used to see her
around all the time but now she never
leaves the house hey let's keep it down
now we must be close
[Music]
that must be the place up ahead we
should go on foot from
here let's see what we're dealing with
come
on there's the house I see the B in the
back stage coach has to be in
there okay let's take a quick look at
the
place any want to around
yes okay
I reckon we can do it now I'll head over
distract him by putting on a little show
where you sneak into the house find what
you can then get the stage coach or wait
until Nightfall sneak in then I'll get
the coach you can try the house what do
you
think just
wait what a
way okay let's go
sure you go into the house I'll go find
this
[Music]
wagon maybe take a peek through the
windows before you go in make sure it's
all quiet
I that's not very helpful
[Music]
the corner is so
dark that corner is real dark
[Music]
give me the carrot give me the goddamn
onion ring
is
[Music]
how does that not count towards the
goal oh it does
[Music]
get on Dear Boy
what about our
horses we must be able to go faster than
[Music]
this
hes like go yeah
[Music]
yeah nicely done we got everything we
needed and I'm pretty sure they never
even knew I was there best way less
problems the better right now get back
on the
path just need to get this back to
Sheamus in one piece and it's a good
night's
work so what were you able to lift from
the house few bits and pieces nothing
too fancy well we need anything we can
get right
now this was easier than hunting a th000
lb Grizzly
anyway no doubt I won't forget that in a
hurry I'm looking forward to your
retelling of that one around the
campfire it wasn't the first time Mr
Matthews had stared death in the eye and
as usual he did not
flinch
exactly now how long you think we're
going to stick around here for not sure
till we can't I suppose feels like we're
starting to get back on our feet slowly
but surely just need to keep at it Dutch
has a new money chest stashed in a safe
spot away from camp but it's a long way
from being full I hope it's not stashed
in town like we did in Blackwater even
if we had to dump the money from the
fair we could have at least got the rest
out if it was hidden someplace else okay
here here we are just pull the coach
into the barn
there hey
hey hello Sheamus we met your cousins
how was it fine nice
people Park that thing in here
quickly F work josea it was mostly our
Arthur like I said coarse but competent
here thank you find any other coaches
that need selling I'll see what I can
offer you for them but discreet you know
of course goodbye gentlemen I'm heading
back to Camp I think you
coming
sure our horses are here
[Music]
what was
that that was
evil there was no reason for it
[Music]
okay I clipped
it here you go here I'm heading back to
Camp I think you
coming
[Music]
sure oh was great
instant replay of the fort
F150 Miss o Hey
[Music]
Arthur for
f360 that's the quick scope a away
hold still Pearson said he short a
little meat for the PT stop it this
ain't funny oh I disagree now why are
you so afraid of a pair of gon tongs I
thought you were the horse
[Applause]
expert all right go
on it ain't like you got balls
anyways oh hell's half
acre oh hearing him oh oh my balls like
that'd be
enough hey Bill did you find much in the
o'driscoll's cabin we did all right out
of it just no
comb let me see some more smiling boys
come
on life it's actually pretty
good 100 years ago we'd have been
indentured men my people were peasants
Starving in a field some place my M were
in Lincolnshire my daddies were outside
of
Rotterdam at least that's what they told
me the modern world
is ugly but the old
world was
worse our
job our
job is to make a better world for
ourselves not go
backward but go
forward with
Hope and
Dreams seriously
and that
hope that
hope
begins
now by being
hopeful and
happy to cheer up all of you cheer
up he's Dr the best out of everybody
here
all
hooray
apple or
[Music]
something a sleeping under all the
liquor beautiful
are you
well about ready for a dose of good luck
I reckon
[Music]
be or she's got some bees
six hours of sleep oh I so get it
[Music]
he drew horsey
[Applause]
oh we ran over
that wild carrots
Big
[Applause]
Bear I love these
drawings so
pretty turkey
[Applause]
good morning Arthur you'll work it out
Dutch you always
do hi tiller good morning
Arthur does have a tal for
landcapes down to
$55 quite nice
think power
yeah okay boy
[Music]
F150 that was a smart
one I'm to find a stupid
one whoa who hey
mister keep to your damn self all right
easy
now no don't do that no no no
no that was so weird
yeah Compares you the moment you him
[Music]
rude that a
rainbow no don't shoot it
[Music]
Rambo idiot I played Every Soul
bye voice my
voice my
voice Reverend where are
you swansson
come on what the hold up are you damn Mr
Morgan I took your advice sir I took
your advice then you're God has finally
deserted you what you talking about I
took your advice sir I have removed
myself from morpheus's Embrace no more
shall I S sir I am free I am free you
don't seem free friend you seem drunk
sit down Reverend we ain't finished you
ain't finished look at him he's finished
none of us Force liquor down his throat
friend I just want him to play now
firstly we ain't friends don't make no
mistake on that subject now secondly he
can't hardly see let alone reason now
reasoning ain't never been one of my
strong points neither but seeing I do
just fine you want to step outside or do
a business here I just want them to
finish the game why can't we all just
get along these are good men Arthur
they're children of God they are
children of
God how's about you playing his place H
that seems fair fair sure you want a
game
sure I'll play a few hands well sit
yourself down then just step over oh
he's fine the
crawler I'm Luther my favorite Souls
board
is is Elden
ring a every one gets mad at me because
after Elden ring it's a dark souls too
and everyone's free to cry about it to
be
honest
uh Elden ring Dark Souls 2
bloodborne then I would say Dark Souls 1
and then Dark Souls 3 and then Demon
Souls like I'm sorry I love Dark Souls
too it's a controversial it's a
controversial opinion
but I'm correct which is the unfortunate
thing for most
people sakiro oh you've got me there I
actually still haven't played sakiro I
need to like I forget that's a part of
the
everything why didn't I play sakuro when
did sakuro come
out Dark Souls 2 2 is like the most
cruel of all the three Dark Souls games
which I I think is why I prefer that
one Miyazaki went s of awall for that
one so they did some [__] without
him sakiro came
out 2019 yeah I was very preoccupied
2019 this is Marvin
fortunate for you both we're being
gentlemen about this same goes for
you so how you two know each other
anyway don't seem like the likest of
friends if you don't mind me saying we
go a long way back and now you're his
chaperone I guess it's something like
that can we
play uh-uh he can't be no real clergyman
he committed about five cardinal sins
just in that chair you're sitting in I
think he used to be
he's drifted a little in recent years
life is a challenge to all of
us can you imagine him at the pulpit if
he could stand up on the fourth day he
turned water into whiskey and I don't
remember much after that I H be to fold
he's a decent fell going through a bad
time disrespect him again and you'll
find yourself in a bad time too all
right all right just trying to have a
little fun here it is a game after all
[Music]
Mister the people we've met at this
table huh
Marvin I reckon you're a serious
player here just a little call
okay
[Music]
then I better go all
in
okay good
it's not for
me I'll
check
um I better go all
in you're not one of life's Risk Takers
huh I say as I put two s in
[Music]
I better go all
in [__] okay H I'll take
it that wasn't all in I pressed the
wrong button
damn that's how it goes just be
[Music]
quiet
okay I better go all in I'm a place
slow
good I'll
[Music]
call
here I better go all in my guess is
you're
bluffing okay
[Music]
I better go all in I know ain't too
exciting is that
it I better go up here yeah I know
pretty pathetic okay
[Music]
there pile of crap
woo not much I can do about
that yes come on
here
nice there we go I better
go you're going to have fun getting him
home you telling me don't more for me
things CU I'm
driving that's a deud no not for
[Music]
me already I better go all in forgive me
it's all I can
afford I have like $160 in my pocket
I better go all in I just a little
[Music]
wager I better go all in uh how about
that somebody put on his big boy pants
this morning
H I better go all no ain't too exciting
Jesus you play like my grandmother seems
it's us again read them and weep ah
crap now that is a real hand it all
counts all
right we could do
this we can do this [__] when am I going
to get a good look in here maybe you
should quit while you're behind
can I
cheat how do I cheat I Could Just Kill
Them I better go all there yeah I know
pretty pathetic no it's not dude you're
literally a high roll at least make it
interesting going to start small
here um
here just a
little this one's for the jungler okay
Boomer bruh 21 what the dog doing now
Adam Lev be clear Hurricane Katrina more
like hurricane tortilla look at all
these chickens
oh okay
then wait wait wait wait yeah I'm
[__] I can't do this
I'm I'm so
[__] I better go all
in I'll
call all
[Music]
in like I'm so [__] I don't care
oh I have no more
money I'll see then that's all I
got damn that's
good don't mind if I
do ah a no way M all
right back in it no he did
well wait
what wait how do I leave how do I
leave
okay okay I just a little wager oh come
on this ain't kid poker I have 62 cents
well
there's there's a there's
there's I better go all in give me it's
all I can
afford
here blah blah blah blah blah
[Music]
call wait
yeah I know pretty pathetic wait wait a
minute now now wait a minute
now now wait a minute
now all in I guess I'm going go all in
okay here look not looking good okay
come on Lucky
Bastard okay there we go now we're the
gamer shove up your trip card The Humble
38 revolver [__] hard lines partner you
worry about your own
game
gentlemen this is getting too rich for
me sit down I'm done friend it's been a
real education come on rip
where is he where'd he go who the
Reverend
where excuse me
gentlemen Reverend Reverend swansson
where'd you go
[Music]
why do I have to keep doing this
hello it's about that
time stream uh stream went all all
in I got to get off I got anyway but let
go boy
yeah calm down what the hell did you me
get your hands off him you'll
keep you stay out of it get your hands
off him now you son of a [__] what the
hell is your problem he's with me
you're going
down come
[Music]
on oh my God you killed him I'm going to
keep the law on you
[Music]
wait
what
what I really did go all
in oh my go killed him I'm going to keep
the law on
[Music]
you hey you get
back that's not working
please it says hold L here to interact
with the witness and keep
moving
okay it says hit L TI and then
immediately makes me go slower than is
needed to hit
L2 oh my God killed him I'm going to get
the law on
you you kidding
[Music]
me you get back here
oh
wait sorry 1
second I said
stop yeah that's because of this cuz OBS
crash there you
go okay okay please don't hurt
me you tell anyone what you saw back
there you're a dead man you understand
me yep I I won't tell us so I
promise good get the hell out of
[Music]
here it's the last thing I
needed no it's not Reverend get off the
damn
tracks where's my
camera oh
you lost your
mind no it wasn't a rockstar thing it's
just cuz I reset OBS and
[Music]
my screen wasn't showing
[Applause]
it come on a friend it's just a simple
mistake you
can still be
save what have you done with your foot
it appears to like this place and wants
to
stay get your foot out of here twist
your leg you drunking
bastard get it come on
horse thank you sir oh no you
don't what the hell is wrong with you
what the hell is wrong with you throwing
me off a bridge like that there was a
goddamn train you crazy
bastard have I been bad again Mr
Morgan I'm sorry
I wish I was different same don't worry
about it I wish you were different
too let's get you
home home yeah that's a wonderful
idea I could have tea with Margaret
Margaret who's Margaret but
okay you're going to hell
buddy
oops I guess I better go all
in all right get up
there a flush of diamonds no
no okay boy
oh
relax
wait close the
drapes for
[Music]
F150
what holy [__] this guy's a trooper all
right don't worry worry about it man one
for the road didn't know you were
hardcore like
[Music]
that where the [__] is the body I want
money what are you mumbling about
now we sure shut
up no
body pretty sure it was right here
please yeah okay
Target hey shut it back
there shut
[Music]
back
okay
wonderful
all we love going all in on the Ford
F-150
moments so
sleepy oh I'm going to run into the
train yeah
[Music]
still thinking about that sheep dude
like I tried to for F-150 but it like
didn't give a [__] hey man so
metal h
whoa
easy oh that's actually correct yeah oh
I need to get him off come
on come on you slingy
scrungus I was wondering when he'd show
up how's it
going can't complain great
you better sleep your way to Salvation
my
friend oh what happened just usual poor
bastard exactly well thank you Mr Morgan
I'll keep an eye on him he was lucky
this time real lucky
what was that no bring it
back no put it
away who is not without
sin wait am I getting graded on these
actually I getting
[Music]
graded all
right yeah
okay can we yes nice
yes you're alert
me
okay that is
gaming is
cancelled
[Music]
really
nice very friendly yeah that jump scared
me
too I just always have able
ten Mary had a little what
very Arya Arya had a had
a oh
whoa check this [__]
out no way can we cover
it I think I better go all
in we got this guys
AR has a hat like Arthur
Morgan this is
Art this is my wallpaper
Masterpiece welcome to my wallpaper
[Laughter]
Kingdom welcome to my wallpaper Kingdom
welcome to my wallpaper par
come
on we've got
this this is so Pro
no go big
mode thank you no go big mod go big mode
thank
you no big mode
there welcome to my wallpaper
Paradise okay
nice
so I think I'll call stream
there uh they did like 15 minutes after
OBS
crashed just uh one more time for the
road because it's so beautiful and
wonderful we uh can have the chest Lord
Anthem one more day why are the kitties
in the town scared of the top five
videos because this Pony became the
crunky champion how by getting the quick
scope all day and playing with the boss
stop whispering to the fishy fishy will
just tell you to open up the cans Stop
opening the cans this is the way bring
out the juicer to sing about the happy
life hop in the Violet Pony the music
never stops no this way you fry the
fishy nice thanks for coming to the
that's the wrong one bring out the
juicer to sing about the happy life I
click wrong I abortion instead of stream
end
bye yeah okay thanks for thanks for
coming everyone remember to S uh
remember to sing about the happy life